hello everyone welcome to movieverse
today we're gonna talk about a
post-apocalyptic horror thriller movie
titled bird box
watch out for some spoilers ahead
the film starts with a woman named
mallory hayes telling two kids known
only as boy and girl that they are going
to take a dangerous trip across the
water and she stresses how urgent it is
that they keep their blindfolds on as
they head outside
mallory grabs a box with her pet birds
inside and guides the kids outside by
following a string trail before finding
the boat and hopping in on the river
five years earlier
mallory is an artist who is pregnant she
is visited by her sister jessica
she notices mallory's painting which she
says symbolizes a lack of connection but
jessica tells her that it won't be like
that with the baby and the two watch a
news report on unexplained mass suicides
that started in siberia and is now
spreading across europe she then offers
to escort mallory to the doctor
mallory visits dr lapham and makes jokes
with jessica about drinking while
pregnant lapland doesn't find the
comments too humorous and offers mallory
an alternative to letting someone adopt
the baby if she feels she isn't ready to
raise it on their way out of the office
mallory and jessica notice a woman they
passed earlier now acting erratic and
banging her head against the glass
window
they realized that whatever was
affecting people in europe and siberia
has now arrived in america
they run outside just as the chaos is
happening with people crashing their
cars in the street jessica drives
mallory away but not long after
jessica's eyes turn a weird color as she
starts to appear frightened by something
only she can see
she drives frantically with mallory
trying to keep her on the road but
jessica flips the car and crashes
they survive but jessica is still under
a trance and mallory can only watch as
her sister steps in front of a truck
malory runs along with everyone else
she is knocked over and falls in front
of a house
a woman named lydia steps out of her
house to go help malory even as her
husband douglas objects to it before
lydia can help mallory up she appears to
go into a trance and seems to be talking
to her mother lydia walks into a burning
car that soon explodes
a man named tom helps mallory up and
runs into the house they are followed by
a cop named lucy
also in the house are the homeowner greg
charlie felix cheryl and a couple named
jason and samantha the latter two flee
the house when they hear their son over
the phone sounding like he's in
danger the other people all tell each
other what they have seen and those who
have been afflicted by this mysterious
force
charlie suspects that the entity is
caused by demons that take the form of
one's deepest sadness or greatest loss
they all realize that the entity is
invisible and that looking at it will
cause one to commit suicide
mallory steps away from the group and
tom goes to comfort her as she tells him
what happened to jessica the group then
boards up the doors and places
newspapers on the windows to prevent
anyone from looking outside
six hours on the river mallory and the
children continue to go down the river
as it is now pitch black
mallory makes attempts to contact people
over the radio and she starts to hear
the entity whispering her name
back in the past a survivor named
olympia pleads to be led in the house
douglas tries to prevent this but
mallory grabs a rifle just in case
the others carefully allow olympia into
the house and they see that she is also
pregnant greg then offers to observe
whatever is outside by checking out the
transmitters in the house he sits in
front of the computers waiting to see
something and then it looks as though he
does
and then the others hear a thumping
coming from the room
they rush upstairs in time to see greg
tip himself over and smash his head
against an edge killing himself
the others then destroy the computer
monitor
later that night olympia tries to talk
with mallory over their potential baby
names but mallory just wants to be left
alone
she walks around and thinks she hears a
thumping noise in the house but she
finds it's just lucy and felix hooking
up
14 hours on the river
mallory hears the voice of a man calling
out and saying it's safe to take the
blindfolds off but mallory orders the
kids not to do so he claims he has food
and that he has seen the entity saying
there's no reason to be scared of it
mallory takes out her gun and fires
blindly just before the man attacks her
and tries to take her blindfold off
mallory fights the man and kills him by
hacking at him with a machete
the group has begun to run out of food
and they know help isn't coming douglas
lucy mallory tom and charlie get
together to go to the supermarket where
charlie used to work since he locked the
place up as things went sideways they
paint over the windows and use the gps
to guide them
on the road they feel that they are
driving over dead bodies and try to
ignore them the gps then starts going
off over a proximity alert meaning the
entity is surrounding them tom manages
to drive them out of harm's way
they get to the market and grab as much
food as they can
mallory sees some birds that she decides
to take with her as pets
suddenly they hear the voice of
charlie's co-worker fish fingers locked
in a freezer and begging to be let out
he then starts going on about how the
entity is beautiful and must be seen
fish fingers starts to break out while
lucy tom and douglas try to hold him
back
charlie then sees the entity and
realizes he is doomed he charges toward
fish fingers and has them both shut in
the freezer where charlie dies letting
the others return home
fishfinger's voice is still heard
begging to be let out
that night mallory briefly bonds with
douglas over their personal problems the
others then hear what sounds like the
car being driven away they go into the
garage and find that it's gone and so
are lucy and felix
24 hours on the river mallory stops
rowing to take a break
when she resumes she bumps the boat into
a sunken truck and boy falls out of the
boat but mallory pulls him out and tries
to warm him but the food and blankets
have fallen into the river so she does
her best to warm boy up she leaves the
kids in the boat as she heads into the
woods to try and gather food mallory
enters a building where she hears a
noise and sees things moving on their
own being pulled by the entity
she manages to make her way out of the
building but the entity continues to
whisper her name
mallory fires her gun at the entity
which girl hears and so she leaves the
boat to help malory but she finds girl
and grabs her schooling her for leaving
the boat as they return to it
in the past tom tells mallory about how
he was stationed in iraq and he and his
comrades would follow a man as he was
escorting his kids to school in the
middle of all the chaos
the two of them also start to develop
feelings for each other
olympia lets a desperate man named gary
into the house
the others aggressively search and
interrogate gary he tells the others
that some escaped mental patients came
after him and his friend forcing the two
of them to look at the creatures
gary's friend fought one of them
allowing him to get away and run to the
house
he says there are also people outside
not wearing blindfolds willingly trying
to see the creatures and wanting others
to see them douglas doesn't trust gary
and tries to force him out of the house
at gunpoint but cheryl knocks him out
and lets gary stay and they locked
douglas in the garage
olympia tearfully apologizes for letting
gary in and says she feels like a burden
but mallory tells her she isn't olympia
then asks mallory to take care of her
baby if something happens to her and
malory agrees
she then gives olympia a hello kitty toy
to give the baby
38 hours on the river we see girl
holding the hello kitty toy indicating
she is olympia's daughter
mallory gets herself and the kids under
a blanket to warn them that they are
approaching the rapids and that it will
be the most dangerous part of the
journey she tells them that somebody is
going to have their eyes open to
navigate and both kids volunteer but
mallory decides it's not worth
sacrificing either of them so she says
nobody will look and they will just
brave the rapids with blindfolds
in the past both malory and olympia
begin to go into labor while tom and
cheryl help the women gary takes out a
bunch of drawings of the creatures as he
is one of the crazy people who has seen
them and wants others to see them
he takes mallory's birds and puts them
in the fridge since they appear to sense
and alert others to danger before
tearing the papers off the windows which
douglas observes
gary opens the garage door to try and
get rid of douglas
meanwhile olympia gives birth to a girl
while mallory gives birth to a boy
gary enters the room and pulls the
blinds up in front of olympia she hands
malory her baby right before she jumps
out the window gary then forces cheryl
to open her eyes to the outside causing
her to kill herself with scissors
douglas comes in with a rifle but cannot
shoot with his eyes open and is afraid
to hit malory and the babies
he manages to shoot gary in the arm but
he kills douglas by stabbing him with
the scissors tom then sees the rifle and
tries to grab it as does gary two
gunshots are heard but tom is seen alive
going to be with mallory and the babies
it is now five years later just before
the start of the film
mallory and tom have been living
together raising the two kids but tom
calls mallory out for not connecting
with them or even giving them names
they hear something outside and it's
some people driving their cars out with
no blindfolds or covers on the windows
mallory starts setting up her system
outside as a warning for the kids
at night the two receive a radio
transmission from a man named rick who
says he is at a safe compound with
plenty of supplies and food
he instructs them on how to make it to
the compound down the river telling them
how dangerous it is to go down there
with children and how they will need to
see in order to get through
rick tells them to follow the sound of
birds to find the place
tom wants to go to the compound but
mallory thinks it could be a trap
outside the survivors from earlier make
it to the house
tom goes to confront them while mallory
and the kids get out safely the
survivors led by whistling marauder
order tom to take off his blindfold when
they spot malory and the kids tom fires
and kills three of the marauders before
he takes one shot himself
tom takes off his blindfold and kills
two more before going after the leader
who is stalking mallory and the kids the
entity starts to affect tom but he
fights it long enough to kill the leader
before turning the gun on himself
letting mallory know tom is gone
mallory then gets the kids together to
head on to the river
it has now been 42 hours on the river
and they are fast approaching the rapids
they reach the bumpy waters which
mallory tries to get through but the
boat flips over and everyone falls out
mallory calls out to the kids and finds
boy in the water while girl has made it
to the land and mallory finds her
because girl has a bell that she keeps
ringing
the three then walked through the woods
but suddenly mallory tripped over a tree
root she fell and was separated from the
kids
she immediately got up to approach the
the entity comes then whispers to them
and uses all its power to try and get
them to see but mallory's will is
stronger and she gets the kids to listen
to her and not look
she follows the sounds of the birds as
they make it to the compound but the
entity surrounds them as she tries to
make it inside until someone opens the
door and lets them in
mallory's eyes are checked and she and
the kids are cleared for entry they meet
rick and malory discovers that the
compound is a school for the blind and
the people in there are protected from
the entities
mallory and the kids then find dr lapham
who happily greets them she asks the
kids their names and malory finally
names them girl is named olympia after
her mother and boy is named after tom
mallory proudly says they are her
children and she is their mother mallory
then opens her bird box and frees the
birds to be with the others in the
sanctuary
subscribe to watch more videos like this
turn on the notification and leave a
like has really helped the channel out